_demo/basic-course-hub/01.home/module-04/item.md, before:

---
title: 'Week 4 (May 30 - Jun 5)'
published: true
date: '30-05-2018 00:00'
hide_from_post_list: false
hide_git_sync_repo_link: true
header_image_credit: 'Samuel Mann, Flickr.com'
header_image_creditlink: 'https://www.flickr.com/photos/21218849@N03/6968244538/'
header_image_alt_text: 'Paper-based prototype'
header_image_alt_text: 'Usability testing'
---

## How to explore and communicate possible design solutions?

### Slides to be Discussed
[Prototyping](https://demo.hibbittsdesign.org/cpt-363-2018/pdfs/cpt-363-slides-placeholder.pdf)  

===

## **How to explore and communicate possible design solutions?**

### Summaries and Questions  
[May 30th Class One-minute Summaries](https://sso.canvaslms.com/courses/1413912/assignments/9519523)

### Presented Slides  
Prototyping
[pdf url="https://demo.hibbittsdesign.org/cpt-363-2018/pdfs/cpt-363-slides-placeholder.pdf"]  

### Supplemental Materials  
[UI Sketching Conventions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MwidSAlbEB8)  
<div class="embed-responsive embed-responsive-4by3"><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/MwidSAlbEB8" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></div>

### Handouts
[4-UP BROWSERS + GRID](https://sso.canvaslms.com/courses/1413912/files/folder/Handouts/Sketching%20Templates/sneakpeekit-4-browsers)  
[4-UP MOBILES + GRID](https://sso.canvaslms.com/courses/1413912/files/folder/Handouts/Sketching%20Templates/sneakpeekit-4-mobiles)  

### Required Reading  
[embedly url="https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2014/10/the-skeptics-guide-to-low-fidelity-prototyping/"]

Commit message:

Updated example pages in theme '_demo' folder to include use of the Presentation Plugin.

_demo/basic-course-hub/01.home/module-04/item.md, after:

---
title: 'Week 4 (May 30 - Jun 5)'
published: true
date: '30-05-2018 00:00'
hide_from_post_list: false
hide_git_sync_repo_link: true
header_image_credit: 'Samuel Mann, Flickr.com'
header_image_creditlink: 'https://www.flickr.com/photos/21218849@N03/6968244538/'
header_image_alt_text: 'Paper-based prototype'
---

## How to explore and communicate possible design solutions?
[Forms and Methods](../../presentation/placeholder-slide?target=_blank#/placeholder-slide-4)  
[Design Scenarios](../../presentation/placeholder-slide?target=_blank#/placeholder-slide-5)  
[Sketching and Storyboarding](../../presentation/placeholder-slide?target=_blank#/placeholder-slide-6)  

===

## **How to explore and communicate possible design solutions?**

### Summaries and Questions  
[May 30th Class One-minute Summaries](https://sso.canvaslms.com/courses/1413912/assignments/9519523)

### Presented Slides  
Prototyping
[presentation="presentation/placeholder-slide"]

### Supplemental Materials  
[UI Sketching Conventions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MwidSAlbEB8)  
<div class="embed-responsive embed-responsive-4by3"><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/MwidSAlbEB8" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></div>

### Handouts
[4-UP BROWSERS + GRID](https://sso.canvaslms.com/courses/1413912/files/folder/Handouts/Sketching%20Templates/sneakpeekit-4-browsers)  
[4-UP MOBILES + GRID](https://sso.canvaslms.com/courses/1413912/files/folder/Handouts/Sketching%20Templates/sneakpeekit-4-mobiles)  

### Required Reading  
[embedly url="https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2014/10/the-skeptics-guide-to-low-fidelity-prototyping/"]
