_demo/basic-course-hub/01.home/module-11/item.md, before:

---
title: 'Week 11 (Jul 18 - 24)'
published: false
date: '18-07-2018 00:00'
hide_from_post_list: false
hide_git_sync_repo_link: true
header_image_credit: 'Pat Armstrong, Flickr.com'
header_image_creditlink: 'https://www.flickr.com/photos/poisontofu/4762082009/'
header_image_alt_text: 'Dampening and inking the plate'
---

## What are the essentials of effective visual communication?

### Slides to be Discussed  
[Visual Design Essentials](https://demo.hibbittsdesign.org/cpt-363-2018/pdfs/cpt-363-slides-placeholder.pdf)  

===

## **What are the essentials of effective visual communication?**

### Summaries and Questions  
[Jul 18th Class One-minute Summaries](https://sso.canvaslms.com/courses/1413912/assignments/9519518)

### Presented Slides  
Visual Design Essentials
[pdf url="https://demo.hibbittsdesign.org/cpt-363-2018/pdfs/cpt-363-slides-placeholder.pdf"]  

### Assignments
[Usability Tested Mockups](https://sso.canvaslms.com/courses/1413912/assignments/9519533)  
[Informed Consent Materials](https://sso.canvaslms.com/courses/1413912/files/folder/Handouts/Informed%20Consent)  

### Required Reading  
[embedly url="http://www.uxbooth.com/articles/accessibility-visual-design/"]

Commit message:

Updated example pages in theme '_demo' folder to include use of the Presentation Plugin.

_demo/basic-course-hub/01.home/module-11/item.md, after:

---
title: 'Week 11 (Jul 18 - 24)'
published: false
date: '18-07-2018 00:00'
hide_from_post_list: false
hide_git_sync_repo_link: true
header_image_credit: 'Pat Armstrong, Flickr.com'
header_image_creditlink: 'https://www.flickr.com/photos/poisontofu/4762082009/'
header_image_alt_text: 'Dampening and inking the plate'
---

## What are the essentials of effective visual communication?  
[Typography](../../presentation/placeholder-slide?target=_blank#/placeholder-slide-4)  
[Grouping, Visual Hierarchy and Grids](../../presentation/placeholder-slide?target=_blank#/placeholder-slide-5)  
[Visual Design Principles](../../presentation/placeholder-slide?target=_blank#/placeholder-slide-6)  

===

## **What are the essentials of effective visual communication?**

### Summaries and Questions  
[Jul 18th Class One-minute Summaries](https://sso.canvaslms.com/courses/1413912/assignments/9519518)

### Presented Slides  
Visual Design Essentials
[presentation="presentation/placeholder-slide"]

### Assignments
[Usability Tested Mockups](https://sso.canvaslms.com/courses/1413912/assignments/9519533)  
[Informed Consent Materials](https://sso.canvaslms.com/courses/1413912/files/folder/Handouts/Informed%20Consent)  

### Required Reading  
[embedly url="http://www.uxbooth.com/articles/accessibility-visual-design/"]
