_demo/basic-course-hub/01.home/module-10/item.md, before:

---
title: 'Week 10 (Jul 11 - 17)'
published: false
date: '11-07-2018 00:00'
hide_from_post_list: false
hide_git_sync_repo_link: true
header_image_credit: 'Matt Cottam, Flickr.com'
header_image_creditlink: 'https://www.flickr.com/photos/mattcottam/6192507935/'
header_image_alt_text: 'Complex sound mixer'
---

## How to design products for how people think, learn and feel?

### Slides to be Discussed
[Interaction Design](https://demo.hibbittsdesign.org/cpt-363-2018/pdfs/cpt-363-slides-placeholder.pdf)  

===

## **How to design products for how people think, learn and feel?**

### Summaries and Questions  
[Jul 11th Class One-minute Summaries](https://sso.canvaslms.com/courses/1413912/assignments/9519526)

### Presented Slides  
Interaction Design
[pdf url="https://demo.hibbittsdesign.org/cpt-363-2018/pdfs/cpt-363-slides-placeholder.pdf"]  

### Handouts
[10 Simple Things Writers Can Do To Improve Web Accessibility](http://www.seamlesscms.com/Insights/Content-Accessibility)  

### Required Reading  
[embedly url="https://medium.com/bridge-collection/a-lean-ux-iteration-on-dropbox-photos-edfa7b245c27#.fdtsczbnj"]

Commit message:

Updated example pages in theme '_demo' folder to include use of the Presentation Plugin.

_demo/basic-course-hub/01.home/module-10/item.md, after:

---
title: 'Week 10 (Jul 11 - 17)'
published: false
date: '11-07-2018 00:00'
hide_from_post_list: false
hide_git_sync_repo_link: true
header_image_credit: 'Matt Cottam, Flickr.com'
header_image_creditlink: 'https://www.flickr.com/photos/mattcottam/6192507935/'
header_image_alt_text: 'Complex sound mixer'
---

## How to design products for how people think, learn and feel?
[Conceptual Models](../../presentation/placeholder-slide?target=_blank#/placeholder-slide-4)  
[Design for Emotion](../../presentation/placeholder-slide?target=_blank#/placeholder-slide-5)  
[Accessible and Inclusive Design](../../presentation/placeholder-slide?target=_blank#/placeholder-slide-6)  

===

## **How to design products for how people think, learn and feel?**

### Summaries and Questions  
[Jul 11th Class One-minute Summaries](https://sso.canvaslms.com/courses/1413912/assignments/9519526)

### Presented Slides  
Interaction Design
[presentation="presentation/placeholder-slide"]

### Handouts
[10 Simple Things Writers Can Do To Improve Web Accessibility](http://www.seamlesscms.com/Insights/Content-Accessibility)  

### Required Reading  
[embedly url="https://medium.com/bridge-collection/a-lean-ux-iteration-on-dropbox-photos-edfa7b245c27#.fdtsczbnj"]
