_demo/basic-course-hub/01.home/module-05/item.md, before:

---
title: 'Week 5 (Jun 6 - 12)'
published: true
date: '06-06-2018 00:00'
hide_from_post_list: true
hide_git_sync_repo_link: true
header_image_credit: 'Luca Mascaro, Flickr.com'
header_image_creditlink: 'https://www.flickr.com/photos/lucamascaro/4642289926/in/album-72157624141181008/'
header_image_alt_text: 'Usability testing'
---

## How to plan, conduct, and summarize usability tests?

### Slides to be Discussed
[Usability Testing](https://demo.hibbittsdesign.org/cpt-363-2018/pdfs/cpt-363-slides-placeholder.pdf)  

===

## **How to plan, conduct, and summarize usability tests?**

### Summaries and Questions  
[Jun 6th Class One-minute Summaries](https://sso.canvaslms.com/courses/1413912/assignments/9519522)

### Presented Slides  
Usability Testing
[pdf url="https://demo.hibbittsdesign.org/cpt-363-2018/pdfs/cpt-363-slides-placeholder.pdf"]  

### Supplemental Materials  
[Rocket Surgery Made Easy by Steve Krug: Usability Demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QckIzHC99Xc)  
<div class="embed-responsive embed-responsive-4by3"><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/QckIzHC99Xc" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></div>

### Required Reading  
[embedly url="http://www.uxbooth.com/articles/the-art-of-guerrilla-usability-testing/"]

Commit message:

Updated example pages in theme '_demo' folder to include use of the Presentation Plugin.

_demo/basic-course-hub/01.home/module-05/item.md, after:

---
title: 'Week 5 (Jun 6 - 12)'
published: true
date: '06-06-2018 00:00'
hide_from_post_list: true
hide_git_sync_repo_link: true
header_image_credit: 'Luca Mascaro, Flickr.com'
header_image_creditlink: 'https://www.flickr.com/photos/lucamascaro/4642289926/in/album-72157624141181008/'
header_image_alt_text: 'Usability testing'
---

## How to plan, conduct, and summarize usability tests?  
[Testing Methods](../../presentation/placeholder-slide?target=_blank#/placeholder-slide-4)  
[Conducting Tests](../../presentation/placeholder-slide?target=_blank#/placeholder-slide-5)  
[Analysis and Reporting](../../presentation/placeholder-slide?target=_blank#/placeholder-slide-6)  

===

## **How to plan, conduct, and summarize usability tests?**

### Summaries and Questions  
[Jun 6th Class One-minute Summaries](https://sso.canvaslms.com/courses/1413912/assignments/9519522)

### Presented Slides  
Usability Testing
[presentation="presentation/placeholder-slide"]

### Supplemental Materials  
[Rocket Surgery Made Easy by Steve Krug: Usability Demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QckIzHC99Xc)  
<div class="embed-responsive embed-responsive-4by3"><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/QckIzHC99Xc" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></div>

### Required Reading  
[embedly url="http://www.uxbooth.com/articles/the-art-of-guerrilla-usability-testing/"]
